README.md, before:

## Aristotle Team App

Aristotle Team App is a webapp created to help the workflow of the contributions in the DaVinci/Utopian translations category. In other words, it will make the life of all LMs a little bit easier.

After talking with my fellow Greek Language Mod [@ruth-girl](https://www.steemit.com/@ruth-girl), we decided that we needed something different to make it better.

## Implemented Functionality

- Basic SteemConnect Login
- Tasks (add/reply/view/mark as resolved)
- Projects list with start/finish dates

## Planned initial functionality

- Task requests from Translators* **partially done**
- Full SteemConnect integration **partially done**
- Translator list with the projects they are translating (or have finished translating)
- Contributions list with check of LM review and Utopian upvotes.
- LM Review upvote by Utopian
- Days of LM availability for better coordination with the translators
- Discord notifications

I will be updating this README file as soon as I have something to add (new features etc). At the time of writing this, everything in the `Implemented Functionality` section has been tested and it works.

## !!!NOTICE/WARNING!!!

This app is not to be used exclusively for the translations communication. Intended as a supplemental way to log anything you might need, as discord chat can be unmanageable.

## Server requirements

This software runs on PHP/MySQL. It is tested and best used with:

Apache 2.4+
PHP 7.1+
MySQL 5.0+

The software also requires CURL

### License

The software is released under GPLv3.0.

Commit message:

Update README.md file new project info

README.md, after:

## Aristotle Team App

Aristotle Team App is a webapp created to help the workflow of the contributions in the DaVinci/Utopian translations category. In other words, it will make the life of all LMs a little bit easier.

After talking with my fellow Greek Language Mod [@ruth-girl](https://www.steemit.com/@ruth-girl), we decided that we needed something different to make it better.

This app will be used in conjunction with the Greek Team's [Community Account (@aristotle.team)](https://www.steemit.com/@aristotle.team)

## Implemented Functionality

- Basic SteemConnect Login/Verification
- Tasks (add/reply/view/mark as resolved)
- Projects list with start/finish dates
- User list

## Planned initial functionality

- Task requests from Translators* **partially done**
- Full SteemConnect integration **partially done**
- Translator list with the projects they are translating (or have finished translating)
- Contributions list with check of LM review and Utopian upvotes.
- LM Review upvote by Utopian
- Days of LM availability for better coordination with the translators
- Discord notifications

I will be updating this README file as soon as I have something to add (new features etc). At the time of writing this, everything in the `Implemented Functionality` section has been tested and it works.

## !!!NOTICE/WARNING!!!

This app is not to be used exclusively for the translations communication. Intended as a supplemental way to log anything you might need, as discord chat can be unmanageable.

Also, to those people who will ask the following (or similar) questions:

- Why not use framework X?
- Why are you using procedural PHP and not OOP?

Please read this: http://www.phpthewrongway.com/

I'm not against frameworks, OOP etc. I just felt like doing this project in procedural PHP.

## Server requirements

This software runs on PHP/MySQL. It is tested and best used with:

Apache 2.4+

PHP 7.1+

MySQL 5.0+

The software also requires CURL

### License

The software is released under GPLv3.0.
